[BD-3275] Unreal Engine cleanup (#8782)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_developer_guide/platform_integration_guides/unreal_engine/analytics.md

| `UBrazeUser`      | `SetEmail`                                                |
| `UBrazeUser`      | `SetFirstName`                                            |
| `UBrazeUser`      | `SetLastName`                                             |
| `UBrazeUser`      | `SetGender`                                               |
| `UBrazeUser`      | `SetLanguage`                                             |
| `UBrazeUser`      | `SetCountry`                                              |
| `UBrazeUser`      | `SetHomeCity`                                             |
| `UBrazeUser`      | `SetPhoneNumber`                                          |
| `UBrazeUser`      | `SetDateOfBirth`                                          |
| `UBrazeUser`      | `SetPushSubscriptionType`                                 |
| `UBrazeUser`      | `SetEmailSubscriptionType`                                |
| `UBrazeUser`      | `SetAttributionData`                                      |
| `UBrazeUser`      | `SetLastKnownLocation`                                    |
{: .reset-td-br-1 .reset-td-br-2 role="presentation"}

## Creating `FBrazeProperties` in Blueprint

> The Blueprint Library `BrazePropertiesLibrary` includes helper functions to make creating BrazeProperties easier. Use the `Make FBrazeAny*` Nodes with a `MakeMap` when using the `MakeBrazeProperties` node. For example:

Reviewer: It seems like this should this be plain language or code text? Discard if this suggestions is wrong.  
```suggestion
The Blueprint Library `BrazePropertiesLibrary` includes helper functions to make creating Braze properties easier. Use the `Make FBrazeAny*` Nodes with a `MakeMap` when using the `MakeBrazeProperties` node. For example:
```
